Кэн Сэاу
Пеп е т邦 пrain
Come on, open it.
Hey! I wake up from a dream that no one is awake.
Hey! I wake up, there's breakfast here,
throwing n止 into Japanese soil.
As you leave the Vegetable Street on the Sectanish school!!!
This is the last.
You will do whatever Toe Stень must do
Mry-不錯 cioè to say,
but hurry along and do that.
Hurry along and do that.
Him if even one is pleased
and picked up the straw.
What is this?
The wife climbs up and the thread is tied to the bamboo.
It is a strange grain.
He realized that the Hemis usually let go of the grain.
He was just picking up the straw.
He wanted to catch sand with this needle.
Let's hurry up and catch sand.
Let's do it.
Let's catch sand with the needle.